[Music]
it's actually get started with the day
it's currently 1054 so let's say 11:00
which is way later than I would like to
start actually working since it's a
Sunday and I slept in today I'm gonna
take it a little bit easy so yesterday
in the morning I was actually going
through some lectures that had been
posted on Wednesday looking at the
anatomy of the hip and thigh region and
throughout those two lectures I sort of
realized two things I feel like I've
forgotten almost all of the anatomy that
I learned last year and two I realized
that I don't have a good method of
studying for anatomy while I was having
all these realization so I was like you
know what let me order something that'll
help me learn Anatomy better and today
bright and early in the morning thanks
to the lovely invention that news comes
on prime this baby arrived in the mail
[Applause]
let me close some of the blinds because
eyes way too bright you know I bought a
camera and I still don't know how to
figure out my lighting situation in
order to film properly not be
overexposed underexposed if anyone's
watching and knows how to help me leave
a comment down below so these flash
cards came in the mail today I'm really
really excited about it because I'm
actually going to start using flash
cards I didn't use them in high school I
didn't use them during my first degree I
always sort of thought nah nah this
won't work for me I'm good with lecture
notes after using flashcards for the
last exam and realizing just how useful
they were I decided to go ahead and pick
up these flashcards I've heard very very
good things about them they also have a
digital version which I of course will
be putting on my iPad so I can do all
these electronically as well but then
this looks very legitimate this is
really heavy a lot heavier than I
thought if I'm honest and it seems to be
color-coded and split into different
anatomical areas of the body by color
Green had a neck because talking about
the pharynx here purple orange yellow
what's yellow pelvis on perineum red
lower limb that's what I was studying
hip and thigh and I realized that I
don't know where do I even start
geez each one of these cards let's just
take this one off for fun yes nice the
public teal fossa
that's the popliteal fossa right behind
the knee look at how many structures are
in there someone tell me how I'm gonna
memorize this for my exam so each one of
these cards will have a diagram on the
front and it'll have little labels and
little numbers as you can see and then
when you flip it to the back it has a
list of what those labels
respond to I'm just gonna start going
through these cards seeing how many
anatomical structures I can remember and
yeah do this for an hour so and I'll get
back to this
[Music]
so I've been using these cards for about
half an hour now I thought I'd give a
quick little first impression I think
this is actually really useful you know
the way that they use different colors
sort of helps delineate the different
bones and makes it just a little bit
easier to study it does a good job of
breaking up all the different structures
across different pictures so it won't
shove every single ligament artery vein
nerve bone all in one image so there's a
good job of spreading them out across
the different cards and I'm enjoying it
so far so these also have an electronic
component so that you can look at these
flashcards on your iPad I'm gonna
download that now and see if I can
integrate that into the physical
flashcards studying well guys check this
out I'm really happy that I got the
electronic version of the flash card
right so let's say I look at the picture
I feel like I know everything and I've
memorized everything then you just click
on these little numbered areas and it
puts everything else in the gray and
tells you what that area is so that's
iliac crest let's say this is the
posterior superior iliac spine posterior
inferior iliac spine and you can just
click on them sort of moving down and it
highlights the different areas of the
picture now I'm going to test the recall
of those flashcards that I just looked
at I'm gonna go into the electronic
version screenshot that picture imports
into notability and then right on top of
it using my Apple pencil one I think all
those different anatomical structures
are and then I can check if my answers
are right or wrong you see on the back
of these physical flashcards what I've
come to learn from my time in medical
school is that there is an insane amount
of detail for some of these cards I mean
let me show you guys an example look at
how many different structures are in
there obviously not all of them I
labeled on this card but the point is is
that there's a lot of detail and I think
my job as a medical student at least for
now is to figure out what's most
important for me to learn and those are
the ones I'm gonna focus on I'm going to
return to the lecture that I did
yesterday and look through that lecture
specifically focusing on what it is that
we covered and hopefully everything will
make a lot more sense because
absolutely lost yesterday when we looked
at those
[Music]
so you know what now that I reviewed
those flashcards when I was talking
about earlier today going back through
the lecture everything seems to make a
lot more sense and that's why I'm able
to make my notes my important stuff
notes which I have referred to multiple
times in different videos that's what
you guys are seeing right here and
that's what I'm gonna continue making
for a little bit a little bit peckish
gonna make some tea just for a change as
I drink coffee pretty much all day every
day now that I'm refreshed with some tea
and a snack I'm gonna finish off the
second lecture of the hip and thigh
region and then after that I can think
about what exercise I'm gonna do today
this is basically my important stuff
document that I would make after looking
at the lecture slides and taking the
most important points the most
high-yield content the things that I
think are gonna be important if I want
to take a look at this at a glance I can
quickly get the information that I think
is most important of course also the
advantage of using an iPad is I'm able
to copy/paste these pictures which is
just super super helpful having said
that it's about 1:30 p.m. now and that's
only about two and a half hours of
studying I usually study in much larger
blocks about four hours taking a small
like ten minute break or so in the
middle to get something to drink or a
snack but since it's a Sunday and I
don't really have any exams or
assignments coming up I'm just kind of
taking it easy doing some extra review
just so that I can keep things fresh in
my head and especially not to me that I
said I was having trouble with and I
knew that I didn't have a good system
for now I've sort of reviewed those
lectures that I found very confusing
yesterday and I feel a lot better about
that now that I have a bit of spare time
the last time that I did exercise was on
Thursday which is a couple of days ago
and I'm kind of craving to do more
exercise now I think I'm gonna go for a
run usually when I run I run anywhere
between 7 kilometers and 10 kilometers
[Music]
in case you were wondering what time I
represent
so although I own a pair of Apple
earpods I don't like running with them
actually like running with headphones
that's for two reasons one I want to
block out all the possible noise around
me and I just want to be able to hear my
music and my own thoughts and the second
thing is I get pretty sweaty when I run
as do most people and I just don't think
airports are the best sweat proof
waterproof resistant things so instead I
just use these old pair of headphones
that I have they do a great job gonna
take you guys along with me using my
phone enjoy the scenic montage of me
running
[Music]
alright guys I just finished my run it
was about 9.2 kilometers
I'm gonna go shower get all of this
sweat off of me and then grab some food
and get back to it so I'm back from my
run now guys I really really enjoyed
that I love running in Regent's Park
because everyone is just doing something
different there's people walking dogs of
all shapes and sizes there's people
playing with hula hoops there's people
doing like mixed martial arts as people
playing all kinds of sport when you live
in a big city and you're mostly
surrounded by cars and streets and
buildings it is nice to just go into a
wide-open part and have nothing but you
your music and your thoughts me and my
sister are gonna take it chill for the
rest of the evening we're gonna sit down
play some video games and bond together
we grew up playing video games like back
when we were young we would just play
like spyro crash bandicoot crash nitro
racing crash bash that is how we spent
our time together that is what we like
grow up bonding over so now after we
were separated for university now we
live together in the same house so we
spend a lot of time playing video games
we have a Wii and Xbox 360 and the
PlayStation 4 and ya guys I think that's
why I'm gonna call it for this vlog this
is my first vlog ever I'm still learning
I'm still understanding this medium and
you know this is something new for me so
if you guys have any criticism or
constructive feedback do leave it in a
comment down below do like this video
and subscribe to my channel as well if
you want to see more videos from me
hopefully lots more vlogs coming soon in
the future anyways guys thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you in
the next video peace